{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 - - - ABOUT - - -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This problem statement is based on the Shinkansen Bullet Train in Japan, and passengers\'92 experience with that mode of travel. This machine learning exercise aims to determine the relative importance of each parameter with regards to their contribution to the passengers\'92 overall travel experience. The dataset contains a random sample of individuals who travelled on this train. The on-time performance of the trains along with passenger information is published in a file named\'a0
\f0\b \'91Traveldata_train.csv\'92
\f1\b0 .\'a0 These passengers were later asked to provide their feedback on various parameters related to the travel along with their overall experience. These collected details are made available in the survey report labelled\'a0
\f0\b \'91Surveydata_train.csv\'92
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 In the survey, each passenger was explicitly asked whether they were satisfied with their overall travel experience or not, and that is captured in the data of the survey report under the variable labelled\'a0
\f0\b \'91Overall_Experience\'92
\f1\b0 .\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 The objective of this problem is to understand which parameters play an important role in swaying passenger feedback towards a positive scale. You are provided test data containing the travel data and the survey data of passengers. Both the test data and the train data are collected at the same time and belong to the same population.\
\
- - 
\f0\b PROBLEM STATEMENT 
\f1\b0 - - -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\cb2 The goal of the problem is to\'a0
\f0\b predict whether a passenger was satisfied or not
\f1\b0 \'a0considering his/her overall experience of traveling on the Shinkansen Bullet Train.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb2 Dataset:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\cb1 \
\cb2 The problem consists of 2 separate datasets:\'a0
\f0\b Travel data\'a0
\f1\b0 &
\f0\b \'a0Survey data.
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f0\b Travel data
\f1\b0 \'a0has information related to passengers and attributes related to the Shinkansen train, in which they travelled. The survey data is aggregated data of surveys indicating the post-service experience. You are expected to treat both these datasets as raw data and perform any necessary data cleaning/validation steps as required.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 The data has been split into two groups and provided in the Dataset folder. The folder contains both train and test data separately.\
\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Train_Data\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Test_Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cb2 Target Variable:\'a0
\f1\b0 Overall_Experience (1 represents \'91satisfied\'92, and 0 represents \'91not satisfied\'92)\
\cb1 \
\cb2 The\'a0
\f0\b training set
\f1\b0 \'a0can be used to build your machine learning model. The training set has labels for the target column -\'a0
\f0\b Overall_Experience
\f1\b0 .\
\cb1 \
\cb2 The\'a0
\f0\b testing set
\f1\b0 \'a0should be used to see how well your model performs on unseen data. For the test set, it is expected to predict the \'91
\f0\b Overall_Experience
\f1\b0 \'92 level for each participant.\
\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Data Dictionary:
\f1\b0 \
\cb1 \
\cb2 All the data is self-explanatory. The survey levels are explained in the Data Dictionary file.\
\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Submission File Format:\'a0
\f1\b0 You will need to submit a CSV file with exactly 35,602 entries plus a header row. The file should have exactly two columns\
\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ID\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Overall_Experience
\f1\b0 \'a0(contains 0 & 1 values, 1 represents \'91Satisfied\'92, and 0 represents \'91Not Satisfied\'92)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cb2 Evaluation Criteria:
\f1\b0 \
\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Accuracy Score:
\f1\b0 \'a0The evaluation metric is simply the percentage of predictions made by the model that turned out to be correct. This is also called the\'a0
\f0\b accuracy\'a0
\f1\b0 of the model. It will be calculated as the total number of correct predictions (True Positives + True Negatives) divided by the total number of observations in the dataset.\
\'a0\
In other words, the best possible accuracy is 100% (or 1) and the worst possible accuracy 0%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}